SUMMARY
Correct output on supplied test files     1.1  Mark.
Correct output on hidden test files       0.8  Mark.
Threshold tests: Must be fully correct
    in order to earn other marks below     
  Program compiles correctly                   Threshold boolean.
  Program executes successfully                Threshold boolean.
  Correct struct definition                    Threshold no errors.
  Use memory allocation (malloc etc.)          Threshold boolean.
  Exit without error in normal usage           Threshold boolean.
Program Design:                              
  Error handling:                            
    Prints usage info if no parameters    0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
    Error message if file does not exist  0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
    Exit with error if file not exist     0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
  Memory allocation:                         
    No memory leak                        0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
    Adaptive memory allocation            0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
  Other:                                     
    Files are opened and closed           0.1  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
Sorting:                                     
  Uses system sort library                0.3  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
  Sort pointers, not whole structs        0.2  Boolean.  Requires thresholds.
                                         -----
                                          3.0

NOTES
Correct output on supplied test files: 1.1 marks.
An average mark for correctness on the test files provided to the
student.

Correct output on hidden test files: 0.8 marks.
An average mark for correctness on the additional test files not
provided to the student.

Program compiles correctly: threshold.
The program must compile correctly in order to be awarded other marks
that require the thresholds.

Program executes successfully: threshold.
The program must execute to completion on all test cases in order to
be awarded other marks that require the thresholds.

Correct struct definition: threshold.
The struct definition must have correct field names and types in order
to be awarded other marks that require the thresholds.

Use memory allocation (malloc etc.): threshold.
The program must dynamically allocate memory using malloc in order to
be awarded other marks that require the thresholds.

Exit without error in normal usage: threshold.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program must exit with
appropriate status in order to be awarded other marks that require the
thresholds.

Prints usage info if no parameters: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program should print usage
information when appropriate, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The
mark will be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is
not met.

Error message if file does not exist: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program should print an error
message when appropriate, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark
will be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not
met.

Exit with error if file not exist: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program should exit with error
status when appropriate, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark
will be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not
met.

No memory leak: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program should not have memory
leaks, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will be suppressed
(set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Adaptive memory allocation: 0.1 marks.
The program should adapt its use of memory allocation, using less
memory for small files, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will
be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Files are opened and closed: 0.1 marks.
See "Systems Programming Style".  The program should close every file
that it opens, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will be
suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Uses system sort library: 0.3 marks.
The program should use a system library routine (specifically qsort)
to sort the data, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will be
suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Sort pointers, not whole structs: 0.2 marks.
This mark is awarded if the program sorts data efficiently by sorting
an array of pointers, otherwise the mark will be 0.0.  The mark will
be suppressed (set to zero) if any threshold requirement is not met.

Total mark is out of 3.0.
